# Expensive
#### Video Demo:   [Youtube](https://youtu.be/pIoScghsBPU) 
#### Description: This my final project for CS50 Introduction to Computer Science where I built from scratch using Flask framework a expense tracking website/dashboard for a construction company that I am currently working. The app.py is where all the logic of the application is located. The relational database that I used is SQLite as I was already comfortable working with it. I also use sql alchemy for the connection to the database. I did not use the ORM version as it confused me and I already wanted to start working on the project. I was one of the major roadblocks that I encountered as the videos found on the internet were old and not updated to the latest versions. When I started working on the project there were a lot of functionalities that I did not know yet. And reading through the documentation really help me understand what i was building more. I also used a lot of CHATGPT for asking problems that i was having trouble looking for solutions. I did not copy and paste the codes that it gave me instead I approached it in a manner of learning and how best to navigate the roadblocks that I encountered. The form.py is where all the WTForms that i used lived. In helper.py i store all useful functions that I want to separate from the main code. Data_tables.py is where all the tables of the sql alchemy is located it is also where the engine is initialized separated from the main function. Test.py is where i do debugging and testing of code where I dont want to touch the main code. I find it very useful and I almost always do it when i have a project that i am making.The templates folder is where all the html is stored. There are really 2 layout html in that folder. The first one is the "layout.html". This is the first layout that I created where i thought I want a navbar for navigating in my website. But then I change my mind and wanted a side bar or offcanvas so i created another one "dashboard.html" because I was too lazy to modify the layout :sweat_smile: . I did not really used CSS that much as bootstrap had all the styling that i wanted. Requirements.txt is where all the dependencies of the app is located. Its been a very fun experience building this website and I hope to build more complicated app in the near future. Thank you and see you in CS50w.
